## Purpose

The purpose of this assignment is to develop hands-on experience in writing tests to satisfy graph coverage criteria. This represents a typical experience in testing a real-world piece of software.

## Instructions

Use JUnit to develop a test set for the provided simplified version of LinkedList.java . This simplified version focuses on the key functionality of a linked list and eliminates much of the secondary functionality that is provided by actual Java Collections classes.
Use a Java code coverage tool to measure statement coverage (I use the term "statement coverage" here rather than “node coverage” because that is the terminology that most test tools use, and the two are essentially equivalent). Strive to get the coverage metric as close to 100% as you can. Try to avoid making any changes to the code, but you may make minor changes that do not affect the functionality.
For a coverage tool, I suggest EclEmma, which is an Eclipse plugin for the JaCoCo coverage engine, or JaCoCo for other IDEs or use on the command line. Cobertura is another possible choice, though it is not as well supported. There are probably other reasonable choices as well.
For extra credit, extend your coverage exercise to maximize branch or edge coverage.
Note: you are welcome to work in a group to complete this assignment but be sure to follow the guidelines in the "Module 3 Reminder: Working in groups to complete assignments" section.

## Deliverable

You should turn in a report (.pdf is preferred) that:
Demonstrates clearly that you completed the assignment. This may include:
A coverage report from the coverage tool you used.
A (tool-generated) annotated display of the LinkedList source code that shows what statements were not covered. This can be a full listing generated by EclEmma or some other tool, or a summary metric with screen shots of the code that was not covered. If 100% coverage is reached, then only the summary metric is necessary.
A snapshot of the JUnit test results.
Explains any technical challenges you encountered along the way. This may include:
Why particular sections of code were not covered.
Descriptions of any changes you were forced to make to the code under test to facilitate your testing. If you did not make any changes, be sure to state that.
Gives the actual tests (you can include the JUnit source code as an appendix or an attached file).

## Due Date

Please refer to the Course Schedule for due dates.
